= devise_shibboleth_authenticatable

Devise Shibboleth Authenticatable is a Shibboleth based authentication strategy for the Devise[http://github.com/plataformatec/devise] authentication framework.

== Prerequisites
* devise ~> 2.0.0 (which requires rails ~> 3.1)

== Usage
In the Gemfile for your application:

    gem "devise_shibboleth_authenticatable"

To get the latest version, pull directly from github instead of the gem:

    gem "devise_shibboleth_authenticatable", :git => "git://github.com/jgeorge300/devise_shibboleth_authenticatable.git"

== Setup
Run the rails generators for devise (please check the devise[http://github.com/plataformatec/devise] documents for further instructions)

    rails generate devise:install
    rails generate devise MODEL_NAME

Run the rails generator for 'devise_shibboleth_authenticatable'

    rails generate devise_shibboleth_authenticatable:install

== Configuration
In initializer 'config/initializers/devise.rb' :

* config.shibboleth_logger <em>(default: true)</em>
* config.shibboleth_create_user <em>(default: true)</em>
* config.shibboleth_config <em>(default:#{Rails.root}/config/shibboleth.yml)</em>

In configuration 'config/shibboleth.yml' :

* user-mapping
  * A hash-map of the Shibboleth environment variables that you want saved to your User model.

* shibb_login_url
  * The URL to your Shibboleth IdP

== Contributing to devise_shibboleth_authenticatable
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== References
* Devise[http://github.com/plataformatec/devise]
* Shibboleth[http://shibboleth.net]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011-12 Joe George. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

